---
author:
- Ali-reza Iran-manesh Group 63
date: 2023-05-29
title: "Maze Runner"
---

# Introduction

Maze Runner is a simple maze puzzle game implemented in python using
terminal interface.A player suppose to find a path from entrance to the
destination inside the maze structure.Once the Player reaches
destination game ends.In this link you can find a game of the project
uploaded on my personal Youtube account [(see my game
preview)](https://youtu.be/eIO9C72n7Go).

# Guide

The game consists of two modes;\"single play\" and \"multi play\".

At the beginning, user chooses game mode.Once the mode has chosen, user
should define level of difficulty of the game.This is done by choosing a
number between 0-2 which represents easy,medium and hard in respective.

## Single Play

The name of the user will be inserted.Now,the game has started. User
should find his way out of the maze by starting from left bottom
position where user character ,denoted by his first name letter, located
at entrance.Player moves through the maze using \"w\" \"s\",\"a\" or
\"d\" letters to move up,down,left or right respectively and as it
reaches the destination point at top right the game ends.

## Multi Play

In this mode,Players input their names in order.Game starts by first
player's turn.Player moves through the maze.As it reaches the end
point,The time recorded and stored and other players turn initiates.
After all players played, the results printed on terminal illustrating
the winner of the game.

At any point of game regardless of mode, user can quit the game by
pressing \"e\" on keyboard.

## System Requirements

For using this software, you need python 3.9.13 on your machine.There
are no other dependencies required.

###Warning : It may happen that for hard level based on screen size some
issues occur regarding size of the maze.
